[Alerts][Docs] Added API documentation for alerts plugin (#91067)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/alerts/update.asciidoc

[[alerts-api-update]]
=== Update alert API
++++
<titleabbrev>Update alert</titleabbrev>
++++

Update the attributes for existing {kib} alerts.

[[alerts-api-update-request]]
==== Request

`PUT <kibana host>:<port>/api/alerts/alert/<id>`

[[alerts-api-update-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`id`::

>   (Required, string) The alert ID to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, string) The ID of the alert that you want to update.
```

[[alerts-api-update-request-body]]
==== Request body

`name`::

>   (Required, string) A name to reference and search in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, string) A name to reference and search.
```

`tags`::

>   (Optional, string array) A list of keywords to reference and search in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, string array) A list of keywords to reference and search.
```

`schedule`::

>   (Required, object) The schedule specifying when this alert should be run, using one of the available schedule formats specified under _Schedule Formats_ below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, object) When to run this alert. Use one of the available schedule formats specified in _Schedule Formats_ below.
```

Reviewer: Where is the Scheduled format section?

Author: Added. 👍

`throttle`::

>   (Optional, string) A Duration specifying how often this alert should fire the same actions. This will prevent the alert from sending out the same notification over and over. For example, if an alert with a `schedule` of 1 minute stays in a triggered state for 90 minutes, setting a `throttle` of `10m` or `1h` will prevent it from sending 90 notifications over this period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, string) How often this alert should fire the same actions. This will prevent the alert from sending out the same notification over and over. For example, if an alert with a `schedule` of 1 minute stays in a triggered state for 90 minutes, setting a `throttle` of `10m` or `1h` will prevent it from sending 90 notifications during this period.
```

`notifyWhen`::

>   (Required, string) Defines the conditions for notifications thottling from the three available option types 'onActionGroupChange', 'onActiveAlert', 'onThrottleInterval'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, string) The condition for throttling the notification: `onActionGroupChange`, `onActiveAlert`,  or `onThrottleInterval`.
```

`params`::

>   (Required, object) The parameters to pass in to the alert type executor `params` value. This will also validate against the alert type params validator if defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Required, object) The parameters to pass to the alert type executor `params` value. This will also validate against the alert type params validator, if defined.
```

`actions`::

>   (Optional, object array) Array of the following:<br> - `group` (string): We support grouping actions in the scenario of escalations or different types of alert instances. If you don't need this, feel free to use `default` as a value.<br>- `id` (string): The id of the action saved object to execute.<br>- `params` (object): The map to the `params` the action type will receive. In order to help apply context to strings, we handle them as mustache templates and pass in a default set of context. (see templating actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, object array) An array of the following:<br> - `group` (string): We support grouping actions in the scenario of escalations or different types of alert instances. If you don't need this, feel free to use `default` as a value.<br>- `id` (string): The id of the action saved object to execute.<br>- `params` (object): The map to the `params` the action type will receive. In order to help apply context to strings, we handle them as mustache templates and pass in a default set of context. (see templating actions).
```

Reviewer: The formatting here needs to be fixed.

[[alerts-api-update-errors-codes]]
==== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

[[alerts-api-update-example]]
==== Example

> Update an existing alert with ID `ac4e6b90-6be7-11eb-ba0d-9b1c1f912d74`, with a different name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an alert with ID `ac4e6b90-6be7-11eb-ba0d-9b1c1f912d74` with a different name:
```

[[alerts-api-update]]
=== Update alert API
++++
<titleabbrev>Update alert</titleabbrev>
++++

Update the attributes for an existing alert.

[[alerts-api-update-request]]
==== Request

`PUT <kibana host>:<port>/api/alerts/alert/<id>`

[[alerts-api-update-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`id`::
  (Required, string) The ID of the alert that you want to update.

[[alerts-api-update-request-body]]
==== Request body

`name`::
  (Required, string) A name to reference and search.

`tags`::
  (Optional, string array) A list of keywords to reference and search.

`schedule`::
  (Required, object) The schedule specifying when this alert should be run, using one of the available schedule formats specified under
+
._Schedule Formats_.
[%collapsible%open]
=====

> A schedule is structured such that the key specifies the format you wish to use and its value specifies the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A schedule uses a key: value format.  {kib} currently supports the _Interval format_ , which specifies the interval in seconds, minutes, hours, or days at which to execute the alert.
```

> We currently support the _Interval format_ which specifies the interval in seconds, minutes, hours or days at which the alert should execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Example: `{ interval: "10s" }`, `{ interval: "5m" }`, `{ interval: "1h" }`, `{ interval: "1d" }`.

> There are plans to support multiple other schedule formats in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=====

`throttle`::
  (Optional, string) How often this alert should fire the same actions. This will prevent the alert from sending out the same notification over and over. For example, if an alert with a `schedule` of 1 minute stays in a triggered state for 90 minutes, setting a `throttle` of `10m` or `1h` will prevent it from sending 90 notifications during this period.

`notifyWhen`::
  (Required, string) The condition for throttling the notification: `onActionGroupChange`, `onActiveAlert`,  or `onThrottleInterval`.

`params`::
  (Required, object) The parameters to pass to the alert type executor `params` value. This will also validate against the alert type params validator, if defined.

`actions`::
  (Optional, object array) An array of the following action objects.
+
.Properties of the action objects:
[%collapsible%open]
=====
  `group`:::

>     (Required, string) We support grouping actions in the scenario of escalations or different types of alert instances. If you don't need this, feel free to use `default` as a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Required, string) Grouping actions is recommended for escalations for different types of alert instances. If you don't need this, set the value to `default`.
```

  `id`:::

>     (Required, string) The id of the action saved object to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Required, string) The ID of the action that saved object executes.
```

  `actionTypeId`:::
    (Required, string) The id of the <<action-types,action type>>.

  `params`:::

>     (Required, object) The map to the `params` the <<action-types,action type>> will receive. In order to help apply context to strings, we handle them as mustache templates and pass in a default set of context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Required, object) The map to the `params` that the <<action-types,action type>> will receive. `params` are handled as Mustache templates and passed a default set of context.
```
